Now one thing I forgot to mention is in fact that I also would like to fix my hero.
Now what do I mean by that.
Well what happens is that once we get to a bigger screen says notice that nav bar has some kind of height
already correct.
Now what I would like to do is in fact use that height when I'm setting up my hero because currently
what happens if I'm looking at it.
My hero is hundred new heights correct.
And then I have my number.
So in fact I'm scrolling up and down.
Now what I would like to do is first of all check how big is my number.
And we can do that by using dev tools.
So I'm gonna head over back to my project.
I'm gonna write inspect or are not gonna write.
I'm gonna look for my developer tools by right clicking.
And then if we check out our number you're going to notice that there's going to be a width and height
and in my case height is sixty two pixels.
Now you can also check it over here.
Notice how you have this padding all where you have sixteen and sixteen.
Plus you have 30 so 30 is for the content and then we have 16 and 16 and total is going to be 62.
So what I would like to do is you know where we have the hero.
So let me find in this case hero hero.
Once we find a hero we had the mean height of hundred v heads.
So what I would like to do instead is not make it hundred view hides but actually subtract these 62
pixels so that I weigh my nav bar and my hero our hundred yards.
So the way we do that we just write Hulk minus minus 62 pixels.
So that way our setup is going to be where once we open up the page this is exactly hundred percent
hundred viewers both of them.
Now bar as well as the hero component.
So that way just looks a little bit nicer whereas we start scrolling we're right away get to the next
section.
Not a big deal but something that I thought I should mention before we move on and start working with
the javascript.